Jansen Malem

Week 1
The group is formed on week 1. I set up the Jira and Github and also linked them together. Together in week 1 we started brainstorming the main ideas for the project.

Week 2
We finalized the ideas and turned them into stories. We also started our first sprint and started delegating work to members.
I was given the task to create the frontend of the application.
Ive also encountered difficulties mainly in the CSS and also 
blocked because the REST API is not set up yet

Week 3
Week 3 started working on the frontend on the Menu and Recommendation page
and almost finished but there are some changes to the schema 
causing me having to redo the frontend to both the client and admin-client

Week 4
Week 4 I managed to complete all the tickets that was carried over from last sprint
due to the blockage, now I am starting to work on the frontend side of the
reservation

Week 5
Worked on reservation and connected the frontend to the backend. 
The reservation backend also has some design changes in order to support the frontend
that requires the task to be delayed
The team also added new task such as about page

Week 6
I finished the front end of reservation for client however admin part is still in progress due to design changes.
By this time the team realises that the mock up created was not enough to cover all aspect of the app,
so the team has to change the front end design. Also I finished the About page in the client side
also conected zomato and whatsapp API to the fronend. Overall the team is doing fine in terms of schedule, we managed
to get the minimum viable product working

Week 7
This week i will be working on adding user reviews on the front end. Also finished the design change
where reservation is moved from home page to dashboard. Also incoorperated reservation update in the 
admin client. Now the team has all the basic and some unique functionalities working well.
Next week will be about focusing more on the unique functionalities as well as the robustness of the software

Week 8
This week I was given the task to add reactivity to the reviewing system in the client,
as well as changing the design of the admin client, I also went on and fixed some bugs that I found on frontend
such as date not displaying, css for review doesnt look

Week 9
This week is about making sure the workflow of the application is good, making sure that the user can intuitively
use the application and did not get stuck. Also I was given the task to fix some front end bugs
such as displaying date, adding past orders to user profile, creating a new landing page

Week 10
This week consist of no ticket in the sprint but rather more into bug fixing all the
existing the bugs and making sure everything is working.
I fixed bugs related to the review system which is undetected during the development
